add better migration for deprecated metric apollo_router_http_request_retry_total (#6384)
apollographql/router: docs/source/reference/router/telemetry/instrumentation/standard-instruments.mdx

- `apollo_authentication_success_count` - **Deprecated**: use the `apollo.router.operations.authentication.jwt` metric instead. If the `authentication.jwt.failed` attribute is *absent* or `false`, the authentication succeeded.
- `apollo_require_authentication_failure_count` - **Deprecated**: use the `http.server.request.duration` metric's `http.response.status_code` attribute. Requests with authentication failures have HTTP status code 401.
- `apollo_router_timeout` - **Deprecated**: this metric conflates timed-out requests from client to the router, and requests from the router to subgraphs. Timed-out requests have HTTP status code 504. Use the `http.response.status_code` attribute on the `http.server.request.duration` metric to identify timed-out router requests, and the same attribute on the `http.client.request.duration` metric to identify timed-out subgraph requests.

> - `apollo_router_http_request_retry_total` **Deprecated**: use the `http.client.request.duration` metric's `http.request.resend_count` attribute. Requests with retries will contains `http.request.resend_count` set with the number of retries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `apollo_router_http_request_retry_total` **Deprecated**: use the `http.client.request.duration` metric's `http.request.resend_count` attribute. Requests with retries contain `http.request.resend_count` set to the number of retries.
```

Author: Oops automerge killed us https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6385
